XMLTV 0.5pre1

*** This is a prerelease version!  The real 0.5 will be out soon.
This release is for adventurous users to test things out.  This is not
a 'release candidate', more like a beta. ***

Gather television listings, process them and organize your viewing.
XMLTV is a file format for storing TV listings, defined in xmltv.dtd.
Then there are several tools to produce and process these listings.

Changes: With the 0.5 release we are moving to a proper packaging /
build system.  Instead of just dumping the files in a single
directory, we use a Makefile.PL to install them in standard Unix
locations under a given prefix.  This also allows us to generate
manual pages and run tests with 'make test'.  For this prerelease most
but not all of the packaging work is done: some manual pages have not
yet been written and there is no 'make uninstall'.

In features, the most important change is a new grabber tv_grab_de for
German-language TV listings (I'm not sure whether it actually
corresponds to Germany or Austria or both).  This fetches XMLTV files
provided by Gottfried Szing from his database.  tv_grab_uk is faster,
and a new filter tv_cat concatenates or merges listing files.  There
are several bugfixes and small enhancements to various programs.

Please see doc/QuickStart for documentation on what each program does,
and xmltv.dtd for documentation on the file format.

* Installation

% perl Makefile.PL
% make
% make test
% make install

To install in a custom directory, replace the first line with
something like

% perl Makefile.PL PREFIX=/wherever/

The system requirements are perl 5.005_03 or later, and a great many
Perl modules.  The Makefile.PL will warn if the necessary modules are
not installed, the full list is:

XML::DOM
XML::Writer
Date::Manip
LWP
Log::TraceMessages
Term::ProgressBar
Lingua::Preferred
Tie::IxHash
Compress::Zlib
Lingua::EN::Numbers::Ordinate
Memoize
Storable
Tk::TableMatrix
Compress::Zlib
XML::Simple
Unicode::String

All of these can be installed with tarballs downloaded from CPAN, or
(hopefully) using the CPAN shell program: 'perl -MCPAN -e shell', then
'install XML::DOM' and so on.  Not every module is needed for every
program, they are listed in approximate order of importance, but you
will need at least the first half of this list.

* Author and copying

This is free software distributed under the GPL, see COPYING.  But if
you would like to use the code under some other conditions, please do
ask.  Contributors include Gottfried Szing, Jerry Veldhuis and Robert Eden.

There is a web page at
<http://www.doc.ic.ac.uk/~epa98/work/apps/xmltv/> and a Sourceforge
project 'XMLTV'.  Please join the xmltv-announce mailing list at
Sourceforge for notification of new versions.

-- Ed Avis, epa98@doc.ic.ac.uk, 2002-02-11
$Id: README,v 1.30 2002/02/25 17:27:03 epaepa Exp $
